README: Mention Web UI > Timeline name, autostart clarification (#15)
2e3s/awatcher: README.md

- Run `sudo unzip aw-awatcher.zip -d /usr/local/bin` in the console to allow ActivityWatch to detect its presence.
  - Or install the provided **aw-awatcher_\*.deb**.
- Remove `aw-watcher-window` and `aw-watcher-afk` from autostart at `aw-qt/aw-qt.toml` in [config directory](https://docs.activitywatch.net/en/latest/directories.html#config),
  add `aw-awatcher`.

> - Restart ActivityWatch. In the Modules submenu there should be a new checked module **aw-awatcher**. Note that awatcher shows up in the Web UI under Timeline as `aw-watcher-windows_$HOSTNAME`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restart ActivityWatch. In the Modules submenu there should be a new checked module **aw-awatcher**. Note that awatcher shows up in the Web UI under Timeline as `aw-watcher-window_$HOSTNAME`.
```
By the way, did you want to clarify that it's displayed with the same identifier as the builtin watcher watcher? Because if it's not, it would be a bug since it should be the same.

Reviewer: It is needed to keep the correct statistics in dashboards since this just replaces the bundled watchers.

Author: It is displayed with the same name, I just wanted to clarify (not a bug). Yes that's what I expected, it was just unexpected.

#### Autostart

> When using the Bundle using `~/.config/autostart` is preferable, which is used by "Autostart" in KDE settings or Gnome Tweaks.

Reviewer: But this is a subsection of "_Bundle with built-in ActivityWatch_" which already suggests the bundle.
```suggestion
It is recommended to utilize `~/.config/autostart` for the bundle. This folder is employed by "Autostart" in KDE settings and Gnome Tweaks.
```
